The Joe Rogan experience,
but how often do you come across people that will fight you tooth and nail to
the death to hold onto those preconceived plot? Exactly.
A simple one I came across was even involved with this COVID stuff was trying to
talk to people about how the,
the ma the mainstream media has had bad narratives from the get, you know,
be it, they were given bad information,
but they doubled down on it all the time. Or if it's the who,
and they're running interference for China, whatever, right?
There's all this manipulation going on around something that is not,
that is, it's not subjective viruses. Aren't subjective that you just can't,
you can't play this game with that kind of thing.
And people would fight me tooth and nail to
defend the mainstream media over it.
And I go look here's example 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, look at how they're all wrong.
They're up. They're doing this, they're politicizing.
And they're doing all these different things for different reasons,
but none of it is really for your own betterment of understanding and to be
safer and healthier. And, or even just to say,
we still don't know yet,
because we just don't have the data and people fight tooth and nail over the
ship, because there's so many people that you use,
the current media apparatus as their mainstream sense-making apparatus.
And if you tear that away from them, now they have to sit back and go,
what do I really know? Right. What,
what is the reality of what I think truth is? What is,
what is the metric upon understanding now that you've just shown me that?
And of course, even at its best, of course,
media is going to be faulty at times because it's just made up of people, right?
We're always going to be imperfect. We're always going to make mistakes,
but there is no admitting of mistakes anymore.
There's no saying I was wrong. We were right.
There's also a problem with mainstream media.
And it's the same problem that we have with the police.
You're giving people an inordinate amount of power.
And when you give people that amount of power,
they don't want to ever let it go.
And they don't ever want to say they're wrong and they don't ever want to admit
fault, and they don't ever want to open the door to nuance. Correct.
And that's what you see with whether it's CNN or Fox news or any of these,
they have this idea that they've been selling you,
whether it's this idea about Russia,
whether it's the idea about COVID was the idea about Trump was the idea about
Biden. I mean, they're selling you some and it's,
uh, it's very, very difficult to get an unbiased perspective on the world.
They came after you for no reason, you know,
they would write all this kind of completely disingenuous, uh,
uh, just narrative driven, around you,
a person who brings people on and has conversations and tries to tries to,
um, flourish. That idea of the, the,
what are they going to marketplace of ideas,
like having conversations and trying to earnestly and sincerely explore things.
I got to tell you the story. So I went to Peru beacon for,
to research this book because I wanted to talk with like,
as close as I could get to pre agricultural hunter gatherers. Right.
And I can't get, you can't get too close, but there,
there are people called the [inaudible], the mochi Ganga, um,  in the rainforest
that I got to talk to, and I got to ask them about, you know, their relationship with technology and all that stuff. I'm never
going to forget. I go up to this, this guy and I ask
him, they've just had solar lights installed, like in the main sort of area of their village. And I go up to this guy and I was like, how do you feel about having these artificial lights installed? And he,
and
, and I'm thinking to myself, you know, it's this pollution, right? Isn't it better to just have, you know, the stars in the sky and the moon. And he looks at me and he goes, he goes, this is good. We can see
at night.
He's just like, look, he was talking to just a idiot. You know, like,
of course I'm happy.
Right. Or this, and then this lady, I was like, they they'd had, you know,
they had a, they had a pump like running water installed, basic clean water.
Right. So you could wash your dishes and your clothes. And I'm thinking,
oh my God, this is ripping them away from the natural way of life.
And I asked this lady, I'm like, how do you feel about the water?
And she's like, it's we don't, we don't get bacterial infection.
She didn't say bacterial infections. She was like, we don't get sick anymore.
From the water that we're drinking from the river. I was like, oh,
and she's just looking at me like, who, like, why, why is he asking me this?
Right. And meanwhile,
I'm coming from this place where everyone wants to get closer to nature. Right.
Because we have been alienated from it. And,
and I'm asking from the perspective of someone who thinks it just must be
paradise living so close to nature. And she's like, no, we want the, we,
we, we wanna be able to wash our clothes and have lights on at night.
You know? And I was like right there. Um.
And I'm talking to the shaman in the village, don't Alberta. Right.
And he's talking to, he's like, you know, it's true.
That technology is messing up the world. We've got climate change. We've got,
you know, all these species are going extinct and he goes on and on. Right.
It's, he's very close to nature. Very, very wise, man.
He's got a cell phone also. Right. And I'm like, well,
so technology ban. He's like, he's, he's like, yes. Well, yes, yes. And no,
he's on Tinder.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's what he's really doing. He didn't tell me.
But that's, I, I want people,
I just want people to understand that there just aren't any easy categories you
can use to divide up the world into good and bad.
And now that people now that organized religion is sort of,
the sphere of authority is shrinking. Right?
You don't go to your priest to find out what to eat.
You don't go to your priest to find out how to cure your disease.
Now that that authority is shrinking.
I think people are looking to other similar kinds of authority.
And so they're like, okay, I can't go to my priest,
but if I'm walking through the store,
what sort of criteria can I use to the world up
easily into good and evil, clean and unclean.
Oh, my king makes.
Mistress lie at his feet and make her his, what does it say.
As he makes our hedges? What does it say? There it's from the sun, but it's.
Official. That was when she was the official.
Concubine, uh, attended by his wildly. They were wife in all capitals.
But Denny demoted her. This is, this is when she became the official concubine.
And by the way,
I think that was the first time anybody had an official concubine,
like a hundred years.
That's that's the that's. This is the flashy.
I don't let her hope. I don't let her. Oh, I love you. Look.
Oh, shame that in front of everybody look lie down at his feet.
Look, you. It's weird.
It's like the keys only see us. You see that's bonkers.
The only, but like, everyone else is just kind of normal. There.
Is not scaring his wife here. She the same thing.
Oh, the wife had do the same. Wow. And she's pouring tea on her head.
What is that?
And other people's laying down. Are they cleaning very odd,
a good for him. They seem to love him though. He used to be the,
she see you as a former. She was a soldier, body guard, former body guard.
Okay. You take that weird hat off and come live with.
That's a microphone. That's this?
That's this take that hat off.
Stop chatting that stuff. Let's go have some tape.
I did enjoy Thailand though. I enjoyed it a lot.
A good time. Yeah. Um,
I went back last year. Did you do the same thing? Who is that?
Just for a little bit, not the what's going on there. Crap. Tap. What is this?
The Monarch even threatened to Sue Facebook over the startling shots taken in
2016 by a passer-by who recognize the king?
Yeah. Oh, that's the king yoga class. Wait a minute.
Cell cycle. Well, she, she has to wear the crazy.
Hat and he was in Munich. Oh.
He's kicking it. Okay. Yeah. That law's over there.
So people,
I saw something about someone got put in jail for liking a post
making fun of the King's dog. Yeah. I saw that too. Just.
So that's just how he likes to rock it.
He likes a tank tops that show his belly button. That's cool.
It's cultural. It's king. I'm.
The king. He's the king. I was the king of Thailand. I dressed like that too.
you going to do.
It's actually two things. Uh, about 10 years ago, 11 years ago,
I had this really weird experience. I was in San Francisco.
It's a lot of breath, work, yoga stuff going on there.
And I kept getting pneumonia. I surf a lot at,
at ocean beach and I thought that that was the reason.
So I kept getting bronchitis pneumonia year after year, it just kept happening.
So a doctor, friend of mine suggested a breathing class might help.
I didn't know much about this, but went down,
signed up and was sitting in the corner of this studio.
Cold room legs crossed breathing in this rhythmic pattern,
nothing crazy just, and then really slow.
And I sweated through my t-shirt through my socks.
My hair was sopping, wet, sweat all over my face.
So I went back to her and I said, what happened? Like you're a doctor.
You should know this. And she said, oh, you must have had a fever.
Or the room must have been too hot. So she had no idea,
but I didn't know what to do with that story. So I just kind of filed it away.
Forgot about it for a number of years until I met some free divers.
These are people who have through the power of will enabled themselves to
hold their breath for 6, 7,
8 minutes at a time and dive to depths far below what any scientists thought
possible. So I thought, wow,
there's something in breathing here that I don't know about.
And I figured other people might not know about as well. Uh.
That's, that's, that's really interesting, you know, um,
I've known a bunch of free divers and, uh, I've known a bunch of, uh,
jiu-jitsu people that got really into yoga primarily because of Hicks and Gracie
Hixon, Gracie, do you know who he is? Yeah, famous. Uh,
probably the most famous of the, of the,
like the classic jiu-jitsu people he's known as being the very best.
He was like one of the, uh, original,
real pioneers of jujitsu in America as well.
And there's this documentary on him called choke. Have you seen it? I have not.
No, it's really fascinating. This documentary,
he's doing all this crazy stomach breath stuff, the yoga stuff, you know,
cause he's,
he's really into yoga as well for flexibility and balance and all those
different things. And he was probably the first guy to introduce yoga,
to jujitsu as well. But, um, him and his son,
who's also a world champion in jujitsu,
just stressed constantly that it's all about the breath and that breathing
is it's everything that it's everything for. Jiu-jitsu,
it's everything for martial arts, it's everything for your mindset.
You're going to find that the foundation of so many different sports,
I think a lot of that has been forgotten.
I know that coaches in the fifties used to have their runners take a big
mouthful of water, run around the track,
and then they'd have to spit out that same amount of water into a cup to force
them to breathe through their nose, to force them,
to move their diaphragms up and down a little more because breathing is so
essential to the recovery, their endurance and their performance.